TODO

- Add text field to include a reason when you delete a monitor
- Mode/setting to show difference between current and previous monitor to help deleting
- Force all entries to be on same date. 
- if expected eggs/chicks incorrect by more than 3 days +- uncertainty box should be red
- Data summary should show count of new eggs and new chicks. 
- Show box history
- Penguin database query, clicking on a scan entry should 
	- show all known data about the bird 
	- prompt to enter optional information connected with the scan result, i.e. Sex, weight, etc.
	- Have move/delete contained. 
	- Scanned entries should be bigger and easier to click
- enter bird ID and get everything that is known about the bird, same for box, maybe that is later db stuff though?
- The app should be able to sort by next relevant date. IE show the next chicks that need chipping
- penguin reporting under specific name to seperate britta from alternate locations (i.e. wellington?)


DONE

37.15
- Update timestamp text in settings checkbox text on monitor change

37.14
- crash in date time picker fixed? Needs verification.
- monitor timestamp shown in settings checkbox text

37.13
- disable default bluetooth status string.
- crash fix for when no bird stats downloaded

37.12
- Application renamed to PenguinMonitor (will reset your settings)
- rework scanned chick/returnee/unsexed alerts
- bird chipped more than 3 months ago counted as adult
- don't enable bluetooth on bluetooth permission result. 

37.11
- move chicks addition fix
- don't crash on move unknown bird
- box navigation button enabled when box locked. 

37.10
- Box sets and box set selection
- Britta dates hidden if calculated date available
- Google sheet "Box predictions Mark" completely removed from project. 
- box navigation into box view. 
- move monitor navigation buttons under box filters. 

37.9
Hide lower than current box. 
Show all Breeding boxes
high offspring confirmation only happens once per unlock/lock cycle.
Regate shouldn't clear note
DCM selection to bottom
Remove blank breeding confidence
Navigate monitor buttons between single and multi box views

app name = PenguinMonitor.apk
it was chipped more than 3 month ago its definitely an adult
did not alert for no sex (I think), should it have?
check alert for bird without sex assigned. 
returnee no longer chick, adult counter up one, chick counter not
no delete content of "box confidence" when subsequently enter regate (just like notes are not deleted when regate)
3 rows of buttons at top no good, middle row sandwiched, can "prev monitor" buttons etc be moved to under notes?
update spanner icons & settings spanner  <-- hamburger menu top right ?
Save to file > Saved, when allData[0] matches allData[1]
no restriction on boxes labels (eg not only 1-150)
if numChicks + numEggs ever > 2 alert. 
box confidence add abbreviations back in overview
when eggs present = auto BR - but... leave BR, once attained, even when eggs removed (chat)
Then Load from files is rather a "Load from device" etc
algorithm of first egg estimate when date unknown
hatch predictions based on egg arrival. 
NRF calculated based on egg and adult absence. 
>v Box Overview icon becomes greater than when opened.
Seperate from monitor settings, this is application settings
	which set of data should we be looking, from int 0 to < monitors
	CurrentBox
	Visible cards
	Selected Filter options. 
box with data summary change to egg before chick. 
Current state of the app to be saved in same format as save/load data.
renaming everything to Penguin Monitor
don't save to server if there is no box data. 
save summary should be identical to normal summary. 
Allow Britta to specify data collection time
Save to app dir after getting birdstats. 
entry date should be in box data header. 
int & single egg row NO/No DCM
show all boxes and filter boxes. 
GOTO box, improving somehow. keyboard non popping currently. 
no more emperor penguin in the title bar
Make padlock yellow for "no data" (and locked) instead of the big (No Data) text?
delete shouldn't leave -1 adults. 
Can load/open txt files from backup. 
Disable Bluetooth option.
version number
display all boxes in a single view
flag if unknown chip scanned, alarm/alert
scanned bird unlock box <----untested as I don't have a scanner
move bird, change totals
unchipped adults > adults and implement auto imcrementing. 
gate up and regate (and automatically lock record)
locked boxes by default
when bird stats are downloaded the currect box should be redrawn 
box monitoring date stamp
fix spinner save bug
disable manual entry on locked box
save to file
load from file
swipe to navigate
move scan to another box
delete scan from box
save gate status
bluetooth connect infinitely
better penguin icon


FIXED BY DESIGN


There is one other item, which is quite central, we already discussed - the concept of a Watch box, maybe a simple sticky tick box?
why not add button to FILES (if name changed) "Save to server"? 
server should clean redundant backups. 
move should adjust the box count of the source and destination boxes
Brittas GPS bug, accuracy 